
# Code-Recommendations
This repository contains the implementations of two Local Sensitive Hashing (LSH) algorithms: Random Hyperplane-based LSH and Query-Aware LSH.

Our aim is to provide you with all the tools and resources required to replicate our analyses seamlessly, from data extraction to execution and evaluation of the results generated by these two LSH algorithms. This project focuses on enhancing code search for developers and identifying the most suitable algorithm for retrieving relevant Java code to a specified query.


## Table of Contents
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Results](#results)
- [License](#license)


## Prerequisites
Before you get started, make sure you have Python installed and PATH variable set.

## Installation
Follow these steps to set up and compile the code:
1. Clone this repository to your local machine using the following command:
<p  align="center"><code>git clone DavideDelBimbo/Code-Recommendations</code></p>

2. Navigate to the project directory:
<p  align="center"><code>cd Code-Recommendations</code></p>

3. Install dependencies from `requirements.txt` using the following command:
<p  align="center"><code>pip install requirements.txt</code></p>

4. Download the <a href="https://archive.org/details/stackexchange_20221206" target="_blank">StackOverflow</a> Data Dump of 2022-12-06.  

## Usage
This repository includes a set of Python scripts for various stages of the project:
- `parsing-answer.py`: Extract a JSON-format dataset of Java code examples from StackOverflow.
- `fine-tuning-TSDAE.py`: Perform fine-tuning of a model using the Transformer-based Denoising AutoEncoder (TSDAE) architecture.
- `fine-tuning-MNR.py`: Perform fine-tuning of a model using the Multiple Negative Ranking (MNR) loss.
- `embeddings.py`:  Generate embeddings of code examples and queries with the BERT model.
- `lsh.py`: Run LSH algorithms using the generated embeddings for efficient code recommendations.

You can execute any of these functions by running the following command:
<p  align="center"><code>python [function name].py</code></p>

You can adjust the parameters in the main sections of these functions to tailor the process to your specific needs.

## Results
The results obtained from LSH algorithms can be found in <a href="https://github.com/DavideDelBimbo/Code-Recommendations/blob/main/report.pdf" target="_blank">report</a> PDF file. The results include information such as performance metrics like HitRate, Mean Reciprocal Rank (MRR), Average Execution Time and Relevance scores. Detailed information about the effectiveness of the LSH-based code recommendation approaches is provided.

## License
This project is licensed under the <a href="https://github.com/DavideDelBimbo/Code-Recommendations/blob/main/LICENSE" target="_blank">MIT</a> License.